All right.
So now that I'm going to do the, uh, the evaluation and testing, so evaluation of a data set with
ragas and make sure that we have got all these bells and whistles ready this time.
So in order for the testing we just have to run this guy over here.
So I'm going to go put the code block and I'm going to run this up over here.
Oops we got an error here I think what's really going on.
So it looks like the input should be a valid result of type list type without considering the input
value.
Ah look at that.
I think we have missed one of the important part while doing copy pasting.
So this guy the retrieval context.
The relevant document should be of a type of an array.
But what we're getting is not an array type.
But it is like like a full, uh, full blown string type.
So we need to make it like an array type over there.
So that's the reason why I guess this is just getting us the particular response over there.
Like it's just failing to have the particular value.
There are two way to resolve this instead of you just giving zero of the page content, you can probably
just remove this entirety over here and you can just invoke.
I think this retrieval is anyways going to give you a vector store with an array for that matter.
So let's see what is going to happen this time.
And then we need to pass a particular relevant documents over here.
I know it's going to take a bit of a time again.
All right.
We got our response over here.
So let's try to use this particular record uh over here for the evaluation.
And you see that even this is going to fail.
I just wanted to make a point here to show you, like, why this is going to fail.
Look at that.
The the actual retrieval context had got a document structure, but not the structure that we can actually
use.
So we actually need the page content, not the document structure itself.
Right.
So we need to somehow get the page content out from that particular document Structure that we have
got.
Only then we can actually use it to retrieve things for us over there.
So how do we actually, uh, make that happen?
Uh, is we can just go over here in this particular context.
See, we have got the, uh, retrieved, uh, context over here, like, we invoke it.
Right?
So what we can do probably, uh, is we can just put this guy, uh, and we also written a if you remember
the code for the joining of the context, I can just take this joining of the code context over here,
which is going to be the relevant docs.
This is going to join the entire thing in the context for us over here.
And now we can pass this context, but in an array type something like this.
So this way it is going to make things more easier.
So now this thing is quite right.
So this is what is being expected from the ragas for the retrieved context, even in our earlier section
of this course, we tried to create the data structure with a relevant document in the same fashion
as you can see over here.
So I'm going to do the exact same thing in this fashion as well.
And now if I try to run this data set look at that.
It is going to start running things for me, uh, over here.
And then it's going to store the context by joining every single details.
And then it is going to pass it as an array.
All right.
So now look at that retrieve context is an array type.
And it has got all the values you're looking for.
And it's also joined together is one gigantic text.
As you can see over here I think this is pretty cool.
So now we have got everything.
So if I try to run the evaluate data set, you can see that it is just going to work fine.
So this is this is pretty cool.
So now this is the only change that we have to do over here uh to make this happen.
So the data set is all ready.
The final operation is to execute the code and see how it actually works.
We're talking about that in our next lecture.